Add the warning and note for the cert rotate, upgrade and add-node for automate ha (#8510)
chef/automate: components/docs-chef-io/content/automate/ha_upgrade_introduction.md

{{< note >}}

  - BackEnd upgrades will restart the backend service, which take time for cluster to be in health state.

>   - BackEnd upgrade should be perform in down time window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Backend upgrade should be performed in maintenance window.
```
